.TH RMMR 8l "7 July r1.7
.SH NAME
.B rmmr
- removes a record from a
.I mailout
data file.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBrmmr\fR [\fB-c \fI<config_file>\fR] [\fB-d\fR]
[\fB-v\fR] \fI<name>\fR | [\fB-V\fR]
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B rmmr
is a Bourne shell script and should work equally well on all versions of UNIX,
Linux and Mac OS X.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The script
.B rmmr 
searches for "\fIname\fR" in the 
.I mailout
source data file and provided that only one match is found copies the record to
the source "\fIdeleted\fR" file. The record is then removed from the source 
.I data
file.
.B RCS
is used to track the changes. Finally the production copies of the "\fIdata\fR"
and "\fIdeleted\fR" files are updated.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
\fB-c \fI<config_file>\fR
The default configuration file is 
\fI/src/<\fIhostname\fR>/usr/local/etc/mailout.cf\fR. This
may be changed on the command line by using the \fB-c\fR option.
.TP 5
.B -d
Set \fIdebug\fR mode on. The script will report its progress to screen
as it runs. 
.TP 5
.B -v
Set the operation mode of the script to 
.IR verbose .
.TP 5
.B -V
prints the "\fBrmmr\fR" release details and terminates.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.nf
.ft CW
rmmr -v  jonathan
.fi
.ft R
.LP
Searches for the string "jonathan" in the source data file. If more than
one match is found a warning is written to standard error and the script
terminates.
.LP
If a single match is found a copy of the data record is appended to the
"deleted" file and removed from the source "data" file.
.LP
The 
.B RCS
records are updated for both files and then the production files are 
also modified.
.SH BUGS
Not really bugs but the script has very little input error checking.
.SH FILES
.IR /usr/local/etc/mailout.cf ,
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or +44 (0)709 229 5385.
